> Opera is expensive: that much is inevitable. But expensive things are not inevitably the province of the rich unless we abdicate society’s power of choice. We can choose to make opera, and other expensive forms of culture, accessible to those who cannot individually pay for it. The question is: why should we? Nobody denies the imperatives of food, shelter, defense, health and education. But even in a prehistoric cave, mankind stretched out a hand not just to eat, drink or fight, but also to draw. The impulse towards culture, the desire to express and explore the world through imagination and representation is fundamental. In Europe, this desire has found fulfillment in the masterpieces of our music, art, literature and theatre. These master-pieces are the touchstones for all our efforts; they are the touchstones for the possibilities to which human thought and imagination may aspire; they carry the most profound messages that can be sent from one human to another.



> My advisor, who was an Asian American, had a strong addiction to smoking and drinking, and an irritable temper as well. However, he appreciated the industry and the solid basic knowledge of students with Asian origins. He also had a particularly keen insight into the mentality of these students. So it was not surprising that all the students in his lab were from Asian except one from Germany. The advisor was so straight-forward as to paste an eye-catching notice on the door of his lab, which read: “It is a must that all the research assistants in the lab work from 10 to 12 pm every day, and seven days a week. Furthermore, they should spare no effort in working hours. ” The advisor was well-known for his strictness and severity throughout the university. During the three and a half years of my work there, fourteen students were recruited into his lab, but only five stayed until after they had graduated with a PH.D degree.
>



> Increased cooperation with China is in the interests of the United States.  



> Zhang  Qian  was  the  first  great  Chinese  explorer. Despite dangers and adversities, he made two diplomatic missions to the Western Regions, opened trade relations between China and western Asia and Europe, transported Chinese silk and silk goods to western Asia and Europe, and opened up the famous “ Silk Road” in history. In the meanwhile,  he  also  introduced  the  custom,  geography culture  and  unique  species  of  the  Western  Regions  to Central Plains, greatly broadening people’s horizons.
>
> As historians have pointed out, without Zhang Qian’s diplomatic missions to the Western Regions, there would have been no opening of the  Silk Road and no cultural exchange  between  the  Han  Dynasty   and  the  Western Regions or Europe.



> In recent years, the development of Chinese cities has accelerated, and the living environment of urban residents has significantly improved. Many cities have been  striving to explore  the  path  of high-quality  urban  development  with Chinese   characteristics,   continuously   improving   urban functions, and significantly improving governance levels. China continues  to  carry  out  urban  ecological  restoration  and functional  restoration,   comprehensively   implements  the renovation  of old urban  residential  areas,  and  vigorously promotes urban landscaping to eliminate pollution. At the same time, China vigorously promotes the systematic construction of urban infrastructure, conducts surveys of housing and municipal facilities, and investigates and rectifies safety hazards, striving to create a high-quality living environment for citizens, making the city more beautiful, safe, and livable.



> With the rapid development of China’s economy and the  steady  improvement  of  people’s  living  standards, urban   residents   have   an   increased   demand   for   the environment  and  quality  of  life.  Local  governments  in China  place  more  emphasis  on  the  construction  and improvement of public facilities to better meet people’s needs. By building new squares, parks and public green spaces or redesigning existing public spaces, many cities provide more places  for  citizens to relax  and  socialize.
>
> Nowadays    government-funded    purchases    of   fitness equipment    and   paved    fitness    trails    can   be    seen everywhere    in   many    cities,   which    can   not    only significantly improve the conditions for citizens ’ outdoor activities, but make the city more beautiful.



> In recent years, more and more Chinese cultural products have entered the global market, increasingly favored  by  overseas  consumers.  With  the  rapid development of China’s foreign cultural trade, China’s cultural exports have been in the forefront of the world for many years, forming a number of cultural enterprises and brands  with  international  influence.  Data  show  that China’s publications, film and television works, online literature and animation products rose consecutively each year in the foreign markets. The Chinese government has issued a series of policies to encourage and support more outstanding cultural products with Chinese elements to go abroad, expand overseas market  share, and to further enhance the influence of Chinese culture worldwide.



> In  recent  years,  more  and  more  Chinese  cultural products  have  entered  the  global  market,  increasingly favored    by    overseas    consumers.    With    the    rapid development  of  China’s  foreign  cultural  trade,  China’s cultural exports have been in the forefront of the world for many years, forming a number of cultural enterprises and brands   with   international   influence.   Data   show   that China’s  publications,  film  and  television  works,  online literature and animation products rose consecutively each year in the foreign markets. The Chinese government has issued a series of policies to encourage and support more outstanding cultural products with Chinese elements to go abroad,  expand  overseas  market   share,  and  to  further enhance the influence of Chinese culture worldwide.





































